Argo CD GitHub App Usage (#739)
cloudposse/docs: docs/layers/software-delivery/eks-argocd/setup.mdx

        <TaskList>
        - [acme/argocd-deploy-non-prod](https://github.com/acme/argocd-deploy-non-prod)
        - [acme/argocd-deploy-prod](https://github.com/acme/argocd-deploy-prod)
        </TaskList>
    </Steps>
  </Step>

  <Step>
    ## <StepNumber/> Prepare Authentication

    Argo CD can be integrated with GitHub using either GitHub Apps (recommended) or Personal Access Tokens (PATs). GitHub Apps provide more granular permissions, better security, and improved audit capabilities.

    Argo CD requires several different types of GitHub authentication for various components and workflows. While these could be combined, we follow the principle of least privilege by creating separate authentication credentials for each specific purpose. The following authentication methods are required:

    <Steps>
    1. #### Terraform `argocd-repo` Access
       The first PAT is used by Terraform with the `argocd-repo` component. This is used to create and manage the Argo CD desired state repositories and (optionally) add deployment ssh keys for those repos.

       Terraform will pull that PAT from SSM typically using the `argocd/github` path in the `core-auto` account.

>        Alternatively, you can required local access to apply the component. This would require an engineer to locally authenticate with GitHub and apply this component locally. Since this component is rarely updated, this can be a reasonable trade-off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Alternatively, you can enforce local access to apply the component. This would require an engineer to locally authenticate with GitHub and apply this component locally. Since this component is rarely updated, this can be a reasonable trade-off.
```

       At this time, we do not have GitHub App support for this step and prefer using local developer access.

    2. #### Terraform `eks/argocd` Access

       The next two PATs or GitHub App installations are also used by Terraform now with the `eks/argocd` component. Each of these is used to register the webhook in GitHub for the Argo CD Application created with this given component. One is used for non-prod stages and the other is used for prod stages.

       Terraform will pull that token from SSM typically in `plat-dev`, `plat-staging`, and `plat-prod` accounts. 

    3. #### Argo CD GitHub Notification Access

>        The next PAT or GitHub App token is used by the Argo CD notifications system to set the GitHub to commit status on successful deployments. This is stored in SSM and pulled by the `eks/argocd` component. That component will pass the token to the Argo CD instance in the given EKS cluster. That Argo CD instance uses that token _only when synchronous mode is enabled_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The next PAT or GitHub App token is used by the Argo CD notifications system to update the GitHub commit status on deployments. This is stored in SSM and pulled by the `eks/argocd` component. That component will pass the token to the Argo CD instance in the given EKS cluster. That Argo CD instance uses that token _only when synchronous mode is enabled_.
```
